Welcome back.
We've learned a few docker commands and how to create a dogfight.
But there's a few things that we want to do.
For example we have our version of a node but ideally we're able to run our smart brain API in this
container.
How can we do that.
Well in this video let's tackle that.
Let me introduce you to a few more docker commands that we can use.
First one is the work directory or worker instruction.
And this says that this is the directory in the container that we want to work out of.
And I'm just going to create one that says app or logistical smart brain API.
And that's the working directory.
So next time we actually go into the back of the container we'll find ourselves in here.
The next one we have we want to use is something like copy in copy as the name suggests copies whatever
we want from our current directory into the container.
In our case this is our root directory so we can just say that we want to copy
everything.
And this root directory.
And where do we want to put it into our container.
In our case we want to put it in our working directory so we can just keep it the way it is.
And by the way over here I can do something like If I only want to copy package
package Jaison file I could do that as well because that's at the root directory.
Before now we want to copy everything.
There you go.
And then the last command I'm going to teach you is run and run is simply saying what should we do here
and what type of commands should we run in the container.
And we want to run NPM install because we've created a working directory.
We've copied all these files and we then want to run NPM install.
Kind of like what we do when we do get clone onto our desktop our project and then run NPM install.
That's the exact same thing.
And you can run multiple commands here.
Now you might be thinking What's the difference between run and command now run is what we call an image.
Step.
The State of the container after a run command will be committed to the dock or image.
So a Daco file can run many run steps that layer on top of one another to build the image that we want.
Now the command on the other hand is something that xcuse by default when you launch the build image.
So a dock or fall can have only one comment and that usually comes at the end of fall.
So let's just check out and see what happens if I run these commands now.
If I go into my terminal and once again let's make this a little bit bigger.
And once again Iran docker built our super awesome.
All right.
You see that there's more steps.
Now it's running NPM install.
We have a bit of a warning but I think that should be fine.
And then finally we're running the command five steps and it looks like it's successfully built
now.
Let's actually go into this container and see what happened.
We want to clear this and say docker run again the Highty and then super awesome container
operate like this our working directory is user source smart brain API which we just defined.
And if I do last year how cool is that we have all our files from our computer in this container.
And we also ran NPM install.
So theoretically if I run and pm start here
how cool is that.
We have our server running on a container right now in a docker container.
An app is running on port 3000.
OK.
So let's go check it out.
I open up a new tab and let's just do localhost three thousand.
The site can be reached.
And that's because localhost is referring to our computer.
But if you remember about our discussion all containers are containers a completely separate thing running
on its own.
And our computer doesn't really have knowledge of that container.
And that's the thing.
And this is something that gets a lot of people caught up when we have a container let me exit out of
this when we have a container the container doesn't really know of of the machine we need to actually
tell it where to expose a port.
You see the outside world which is my computer cannot connect to the container by default.
We have to actually tell the container what to expose and we called this port binding and we'll use
a technique called port forwarding to do this.
And it sounds more complicated than it is.
All we need to do is within our command give it the dash P parameter which stands for port and give
it the we want the port three thousand on our container and we're going to for that to port 3000 on
the host on the machine.
So if I run this OK we've gone into the container I ran NPM start our app is running on port 3000 and
now if we go back R8 reference their database is not defined and that is because if we go to our server
dodgy us we have over here in the Get request database user which actually is not correct.
We have D-B now we're never using database but it's actually working.
So let's change this to.
It's working.
We want to save and let's refresh and the tricky part is we're going to have to run this again.
Let me close this and run NPM start.
Let's go back and refresh and you see how it's actually not working right now and that is because
and we actually have to let's close this.
We're going to exit this and rebuild our image
began it's copying the files we're running through the steps.
Then finally run our container and if we were on NPM start now.
Go back and refresh.
It's working.
How nice does that feel.
We've just officially created Dharker container for our API server.
So now all we need to do is give this folder with the doc or file anywhere and as long as they have
a doctor we can just simply run this on any machine that we want.
Very cool but there's a problem now.
How about this database.
What do we do with that.
What do we do with postscripts for that.
You have to wait for the next video.
I'll see on that one.